All right.
So here, let's show the list of comments.
Let's zoom on this one.
Let's use the list component from and let's make sure we have that.
We don't include its import list.
So here we use lists
and lists takes the item layout, horizontal data shows comments.
Part of what we have in the state write render items.
So we get his comment, we can call it an item and then we render in list, item, list, item.
So here we want to shoot at it and do.
Dobson Right.
So we can show them as excellence.
That'll be an array of items.
Edit and delete and then.
Inside here.
We'll be showing the comment information from a list list item don't matter.
So here we can show the comment, description, description to what we want to do here is we want to
show that this command belongs to which post.
Right.
So we want to show that.
So what we can do here is we try to access the post title to which this comment belongs to, and it's
common to have the post information so we can access that using item what?
Don't post I.D. what dot title?
So we can access that.
Let's use this separate widget on top of the enter key and a keyboard and then we can show the name
whoever created this title, the post item dot.
Sorry, this one is the name of the user who left the comment.
So item which is a comment.
So item posted by dart name.
So we can just use the question mark.
So if for some reason this user, if there's an issue, we will not get the error.
All right.
So belongs to this post title by this user.
And then we can show the created data as well when this comment was posted.
Right.
So we can do that using
item dart.
Sorry, using this.
Jesus.
I don't.
Create to that from now, and we can choose this from it.
L l d This one I used, I don't know exactly remember how it disappeared, but we can obviously have
a look here.
Five comments.
Don't see any comment listed here.
Cuts of the item.
Note items.
Item.
They just are defense and makes you have that.
And we need to import that relative time.
They just plug in stress related to.
So no, this one is not related.
And this is something we used earlier to render the comment when it was clear to use that this one is
a localized format.
All right.
So we tried this from contest
localized format.
It looks to.
Require busiest plowing in localized format.
I think it might still work.
The impulse index from let's try this.
Imports.
And then we use this as a blocking so they just don't extend localized from it.
All right.
So that's the format I used here.
This is a localized format.
All right.
Okay.
So from now is not a function from now.
Thank you.
Just since we are using this local as foreman, I think that's not the right one.
It should be format.
Format.
So far.
I dug it beautifully and here we are showing this in the localized format in gives us the full time
in the the the time and PM whatever the exact time.
That's great.
Now, here you saw two different ways of rendering the.
The comments.
We have 35 comments.
Let's add a few more and then let's implement business and as.
Now I noticed we have on undefined so let's see what is then on.
Item dot four sided title.
So we're not getting that.
We'll stay.
Let's have a look.
Maybe our popularity is number one.
Not working.
It's good to comptroller's post getting on the comment post and we are populating title and slug.
I think it's very we should console.log him.
The response that we got comments.
So you've got five comments.
Let's have a look on understand, ma'am.
So on the on on the stand.
So on this one, it's working only on the last two wounded.
Last two.
So posted titled.
We got that for the first three.
The last two.
Okay.
So last 2 minutes when we were trying to create the comment, I think the first time when we were trying
that time.
I think we send the comments without the full status that that is the reason.
I think that's right.
So from Noah, anytime you've created works this one, if you don't want to, you can do it from the
database as well if you want to.
But you can see it's working now.
This doesn't work yet.
Business doesn't work yet, but we are able to render the list of comments before we work on the pagination
and in the search.
Let's create a few more comments so that we have plenty of comments to try to try our business.
So let's try this one.
It's good in your comment.
Hey.
Now we can
leave comments.
Let me also create some comments by a different user.
Let me call you as different user.
Ryan Awesome.
Its views on post.
Let's go back.
Let's go try one more.
Let's try this one.
Okay.
So we got a few comments.
Let me just put some some random stuff so that we can do it later.
All right, so let's close this.
Come back to our admin dashboard.
Go to the comments.
He's still getting six comments because that's how many we get.
On the first request.
To get more than that, we have to work on the pads in a similar moment, so let's see how we can implement
that.